>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
what else can we do?
So we removed.
So is head, this was easy, right?
Return this.head.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Wait, this is isTail.
Return, so we have a node.
So return node,
if node === this.head.
>> Student: You're just checking
whether it's true or not?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, like is
the node, the head, is this the tail.
So it's gonna return a boolean.
Yeah.
Contains, so contains is another
one where you would loop through.
So what we could do is.
So we're gonna pass some value against.
So this one we're checking for
a particular value, not a node.
But we would have to loop
through pretty similarly So
I'm gonna copy our remove
tail implementation.
And so we're gonna start at the beginning.
We have our value.
So while current node value is not
equal to our value, keep looping.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
and then once we exit.
So, if currentNode.value === value,
actually we could just return this.
So if it equals,
if does equal return true,
if not this will return false.